we're here with Ben Maher who just won
the hundred-thousand-dollar fidelity
investments grand prix with Sela and can
you talk a little bit about your new
relationship with her and how she felt
tonight she's grateful she's mind of her
own it's very important I think to let
her do her job and I Tranzit still she's
hard to balance on sometimes but she
there I'm not even with all she always
get the feeling she's trying to jump
around for you and it's early days crush
yet there's always more thing that I'd
like to improve but it was a great night
I couldn't expect any more at this early
stage how did she feel when you were
coming in for the jump off and and you
had to actually go for speed with her
and she said she's a great horse for the
this type of arena she's careful she
could run and jump it's really suited me
to run around instead of taking the
short turns let her do her work in the
double she backed herself up great it
really suited not to have too many tight
turns at this stage
so that when I was thankful for that but
obviously in time we're going to have
some Thai terms and we're going to have
to work on those those in time to come
but yeah I mean it's what is all about
hair and the jump box is running and
jumping it was a fast jump off and I
could have gone quicker but tonight it
wasn't necessary and it was I was really
happy when she jumped and what does it
mean to get this first win under your
belt with with zinc a course from jane
clark that's great i think that i don't
have pressure from denmark at all but
the pressure on myself by horses and
very talented horses there's such a
great support team and should we start
around to help me with just want you
different for me it's nice to break the
ice is greatly Jane to trust me it is a
nice confidence boost for everybody to
go that we're moving in the right
direction and everybody's and when he's
worked so hard past couple of months to
get the horses been ready for the
circuit and it's just great so early on
we managed to feel great well thank you
and congratulations thank you